Enhance Ubus Integration Documentation & Refine ACL Permissions (#30121)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ubus.markdown

opkg install rpcd-mod-file uhttpd-mod-ubus
```

> Add new system user `hass` (or do it in any other way that you prefer):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new system user `hass` (or do it in any other way that you prefer):
```

> -Add line to /etc/passwd: hass:x:10001:10001:hass:/var:/bin/false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add line to /etc/passwd: hass:x:10001:10001:hass:/var:/bin/false
```

> * Add line to /etc/shadow: hass:x:0:0:99999:7:::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-Add line to /etc/passwd: hass:x:10001:10001:hass:/var:/bin/false
- Add line to /etc/shadow: hass:x:0:0:99999:7:::
```

> Edit `/etc/config/rpcd` and add:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the `/etc/config/rpcd` and add the following lines:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

config login
        option username 'hass'
        option password '$p$hass'
        list read hass
        list read unauthenticated
        list write hass
```

> And create an ACL file at `/usr/share/rpcd/acl.d/hass.json` for the user `hass` with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, create an ACL file at `/usr/share/rpcd/acl.d/hass.json` for the user `hass`:
```
